I've decided that since Vanessa's Curse just came out, I should probably update my review.

I have been playing A Hat in Time off and on since about June of 2020 with close to 300 hours put into Hat and both Seal the Deal and Nyakuza Metro purchased. I have also collected every time piece and a good number of death wishes, but what do I actually think of the game?

I think it's quite enjoyable. Including mods, you could possibly get thousands of hours out of it, and at (for me specifically, at the time of writing) 17 cents per hour, I'd say it's a steal for how much entertainment I got out of the game. If you're looking for something to play with another person and you like platformers like Mario Sunshine, Banjo Kazooie, and Mario 64, it'd be kind of stupid not to recommend.

Okay, enough praising Hat for now, what are some reasons you might not want to buy the game? For starters, the base game has just enough worlds that you can count them on one hand, assuming you have all 5 fingers. Of course, I am simplifying it a bit, as chapter 2 alone has 3 different places you visit, chapter 4 is very open, and except for chapter 5, there's at least 2 different places you visit every chapter. Another reason is that when I said, "another person," I really did mean another person, as in you can only play with 1 other person locally. Online party allows for up to 50 players to play together, but then each person would need their own copy of the game, which isn't ideal if you only want to play it once in a blue moon and can't justify buying the same game twice.

In its current state, I'd give A Hat in Time a ~~9/10~~ 10/10. It's an amazing platformer, especially on Steam with mod support, but without linux support (unlikely for technical and commercial reasons, but runs fine in Proton after running in Windows once per update) ~~and  with the removal of Gabe the Dog alongside the introduction of Vanessa's Curse~~, the game definitely is~~n't~~ just as 10/10 as I always thought it was. Sure, it's got its problems (only 2-player local multiplayer), but the positives far outweigh the negatives..

A suggestion to Gears for Breakfast to re-introduce Gabe the Dog:
Never mind. Just realized he's still in the game if you hit the game dodecahedron
