Beat Saber is a phenomenal rhythm game with something I haven't really seen before. The mapping is... alright enough and overall I'd say that it's a must-have VR game under certain circumstances.

You may be wondering about the bad review. This is less because of the gameplay, but more about how the customers are treated, as well as the community as a whole. I'll start with the way the customers are treated.

The customers are basically just ATMs. Beat Games makes a new song pack quite frequently and in all of these updates, almost nothing of substance is added when a new paid song pack is released. Of course, credit where credit is due, the devs do a good job of making sure every feature is quite polished. The only downside is that it takes ages for anything of substance to be added. Multiplayer, something that's been part of the game as a mod since just about the beginning was added to the base game almost 2 years after the initial release. Sure, it's simpler, but that doesn't really seem like something that should've taken 2 years. I guess now I'll move on to modding.

Almost every time an update comes out, get ready for mods to break. Of course, this is expected of every game with unofficial mod support, like Minecraft. The only problem is that, unlike Minecraft, it's quite difficult to revert to an earlier version if you don't have a backup.

Now, time for the reason I gave this a thumbs-down, along with all the other stuff. I didn't know this at the time of writing my first review, but Beat Games is yet another company that's been bought by Facebook. I love this game so much and want to support the devs, but it's hard for me to do that when Facebook easily collects close to the most data of any US company, is always facing antitrust and anti-competitive lawsuits, and has poor security when it comes to keeping said people's data safe. Because of the things that Facebook does, I cannot recommend that you buy the game, but I also can't recommend pirating it for the risk of a virus and the fact that it's illegal.

Original review:

Great game if you hate your limbs.